 What is JSX?
Can web browsers read JSX directly? 
What is the virtual DOM?
Why use React instead of other frameworks, like Angular?
What is the difference between the ES6 and ES5 standards?
What is an event in React?
What are synthetic events in React?
What is the use of render() in React?
What is a state in React?
 How do you update the state of a component?
What are props in React?
 How do you pass props between components?
What are the differences between state and props?
What is a higher-order component in React?
How can you embed two or more components into one?
What are the differences between class and functional components?
Explain the lifecycle methods of components.
What is Redux?
What are the components of Redux?
What is the Flux?
How is Redux different from Flux?
What is React Router?
Why do we need to React Router?
 How is React routing different from conventional routing?
Differentiate between Real DOM and Virtual DOM.
 What are the limitations of React?
What is a state in React and how is it used?
What do you understand by refs in React?
List some of the cases when you should use Refs.
What do you know about controlled and uncontrolled components?
What are Higher Order Components(HOC)?
What are Pure Components?
What are the advantages of Redux?
What is the purpose of the mapStateToProps function in Redux?
 Explain the difference between server-side rendering and client-side rendering in React.
What is the difference between a stateless component and a stateful component in React?
Explain the concept of a Pure Component in React.
How do you handle optimization in a large React application?
What is the purpose of the combineReducers function in Redux?
How do you handle error handling in a React application?
What is the difference between a smart component and a dumb component in React?
What are the different ways to pass data between components in React?
How do you handle performance optimization in a React application?
What is the difference between a functional component and a class component in React?
Explain the concept of a Context in React.
 How do you handle asynchronous data loading in a React application?
What is the difference between state and props in React?
Explain the concept of a Hook in React.
How do you handle localization in a React application?
What is the difference between a static component and a dynamic component in React?
How do you handle server-side rendering in a React application?
What is the difference between a presentational component and a container component in React?
Explain the concept of a Custom Hook in React.
 What is the difference between a stateful component and a stateless component in React?
Explain the concept of a Middleware in Redux.
Explain the concept of a Memoization in React.
Compare MVC with Flux?
In which lifecycle event do you make AJAX requests and why?
What would you do if your React application is rendering slowly?
Which is the preferred option callback refs or findDOMNode()?
What are hooks in React?
What is the difference between a React component and a React class?
20. What are the different phases of React component’s lifecycle?
There are three different phases of React component’s lifecycle:
Initial Rendering Phase: This is the phase when the component is about to start its life journey and make its way to the DOM.
Updating Phase: Once the component gets added to the DOM, it can potentially update and re-render only when a prop or state change occurs. That happens only in this phase.
Unmounting Phase: This is the final phase of a component’s life cycle in which the component is destroyed and removed from the DOM.
Explain the Flux concept.
What is the use of useEffect React Hooks?
How to prevent re-renders in React?
How to pass data between react components?
Explain about types of Hooks in React.
What are refs used for in React?
What do these three dots (...) in React do?
What is equivalent of the following using React.createElement?
What is the difference between ShadowDOM and VirtualDOM?
What is the difference between using constructor vs getInitialState in React?
 What's the difference between useCallback and useMemo in practice?
When to use useState vs useReducer?
How to conditionally add attributes to React components?
Why would you need to bind event handlers to this?
When is it important to pass props to super(), and why?
 When to use useState vs useReducer?
 Explain the term stateless components
What are Fragments?
What is the StrictMode component and why would you use it?
Explain the lifecycle methods of React components in detail.
 What are the three principles that Redux follows?
